there's what people say I discovered in
Queen no one discovered Alexander
McQueen Alexander McQueen discovered
himself
[Music]
I wasn't very good at school I was
always drawing clothes he was a very
happy child
he was passionate when Lee was 17 he
said I'll make you a couple of skirts
I've got to say they fit like a glove he
was drawing from all of these influences
Jack the Ripper stores his victims in
the early years leads a violent things
the darkness waited genius
nobody could create emotions like
McQueen
you might find him distaste for a
shocking or such a list there he made
every single headline I don't want to do
show feeling like you've just had Sunday
lunch I wanted to feed repulse or
accelerated going to the depths of one's
mind you start losing who you are and it
becomes the base that you can't get out
of
and family in Cuba ground to be very
superficial business
he thought the whole system was against
him his vision was so extraordinary this
genius
I saw myself again the public cars the
gazelle and it is L always got am
we cannot be discarded quite easily it
there are you gone it's a jungle ever
[Music]